OneToMany is the most common of the joined type annotations.
It's used to define a one‑to‑many relationship between
an object and a list of objects.
In our application,
we will have a registration and a collection or a list
of courses tied to that registration.
We just need a OneToMany annotation on our
registration class tying to our course list.
We can then specify a ManyToOne on the course back to the
registration. And this is all tied together using the mappedBy from
the OneToMany onto the object on the opposing side.
Courses will belong to a registration, or this registration has a list or many of these courses.